## 1121. Charles Conrad HEPFER

Charles Conrad HEPFER was born Ll November 1867 in DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan. His occupation was working at the Reo Motor Works in Lansing, Michigan.  Charles was married twice; first he married Susan MANZ 1 March 1894. After Susan's death, Charles married Louise Elizabeth NOSTRANT 11 February 1942 in Charlotte, Eaton, Michigan. They resided at 221 Moores River Drive in Lansing, Michigan.  Charles died 12 December 1953 in Lansing, Ingham, Michigan and was buried at the Deepdale Cemetery in Lansing, Eaton, Michigan. 

Susan MANZ, daughter of Frederick MANZ and Christine REHM, was born 1 June 1873 in Elmore, Ottawa, Ohio. Frederick MANZ as well as Christine REHM was born in Germany. Susan died 28 February 1941, in Lansing, Ingham, Michigan and was buried at the Deepdale Cemetery in Lansing, Eaton, Michigan. 

To this union, one child was born.

[12111.](12111) | [Carl Frederick HEPFER](12111)
| --- | ---
b. | 30 March 1898 
pb. | Michigan 
m. | 23 December l915 Gertrude S. ROBINSON 
   |  9 April 1935 Lois Mary SILVERNAIL 
d.  | 25 January 1965, Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 
bur. | Deepdale Cemetery, Lansing, Eaton, Michigan

Louise Elizabeth NOSTRANT, daughter of Miles NOSTRAIIT and Mary COURTS, was born 29 January 1888 in Grand Ledge, Eaton, Michigan. Louise was previously married to Clifford Hiram NIXON and to this union, one daughter was born, Mrs. Lee MC CRUMB, who resided in Eagle, Michigan. Louise died 3 Augrust 1981 in East Lansing, Ingham, Michigan and was buried at the Deepdale Cemetery in Lansing, Eaton, Michigan. To this union, no children were born. 
