## 1125. Henry Louis HEPFER

Henry Louis HEPFER was born 7 November 1878 in DeWitt township, C1inton, Michigan. Henry married Bertha Augusta MANZ 10 March 1904. Henry purchased the HEPFER homestead from his father, John Conrad HEPFER 18 April 1906 for $7,000. He remodeled the home in l911. The homestead was located at 13830 DeWitt. Road in DeWitt Township, Michigan. Henry operated the farm until August 1967, when he and Bertha moved into a new home at 210 Wilson Street in DeWitt, Michigan.  In August 1957, Heary sold the farm house and about one acre of land to sons, Lyle D. HEPFER and Ivan C. HEPFER. After leaving the farm in 1967, Henry rented the farm on a crop-share basis and for cash rent. Henry retained a large garden on this farm after moving. Henry died 18 November 1973 in Lansing, Ingham, Michigan and was buried at the Hurd Cemetery in DeWitt Township, C1inton, Michigan. The farm was 1ater sold to the State of Michigan to construct the I-59 expressway through this farm property. 

Bertha Augusta MANZ, daughter of Frederick MANZ and Christine REIIM, was born 15 August, 1882 in Holt, Ingham, Michigan on Grovenberg Road. Bertha was a sister to Susan MANZ, who married Henry's brother, Charles. Frederick MANZ and Christine REHM were both born in Germany. Bertha died 19 May 1975 in Lansing, Ingham, Michigan and was buried at the Hurd Cemetery in Dewitt township, Clinton, Michigan.

To this union, three children were born.

[11251.](11251) | [Lyle Delmar HEPFER](11251)
| --- | ---
b. | 26 December 1904 
pb. | DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan 
m.  | 2 November 1929 Marjorie Josephine FLORIAN 

[11252.](11252) | [Ivan Conrad HEPFER](11252)
| --- | ---
b. | 12 Febnrary 1910
pb. | Dewitt Township, Clinton, Michigan 
m. | 4 June 1933 Joyce Wilma BRAUHER 
d. | 14 February 1991 
bur. |

[11253.](11253) | [Donald Edward HEPFER](11253)
| --- | ---
b. | 2 october 1924 
pb. | DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan 
m. | 19 October 1946 Emma Olga SCHULTZ
