## 113. Anna Marie HOPFER

Anna Maria HOPFER was born 10 August. 1839 in Kuppingien, Herrenberg, Wuerttemberg, Germany. Mary Ann came to America at the age of eight years with her parents. Like the other members of her family after arriving in America, she became Mary Ann HEPFER. The family settled in Ann Arbor, Michigan upon arriving in the United States. Mary learned the trade of a seamstress.

Mary Ann married John Frederick SIPLEY of Ann Arbor, Michigan, in 1862. They had met in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Mary remained in Ann Arbor until John returned from the Civil War; then the family moved to Lansing, Michigan in 1855 where they resided on North Capitol Avenue. They moved to a farm at 14211 Myers Road in DeWitt Township, C1inton, Michigan, in 1874. Mary died 26 June 1925 at her home in DeWitt, Township, Clinton, Michigan and was buried at the Hurd Cemetery in DeWitt, Township, CIinton, Michigan. Mary Ann was a member of the Lansing Woman's Relief Corps and the Clinton County Pioneer Society. She was a member of the Modern Woodman of America and the Sons and Daughters of Veterans.

John Frederick SIPLEY, son of Frederick SIPLEY and Kate Rose MYER, was born 19 February 1840 in Philade1phia, Montgomery, Pennsylvania. John was a sister to Rose SIPLEY who married [Jacob Frederick HEPFER (#111.)](111). John was quite young when his parents moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan.  John enlisted March l865 in Company 15th Michigan, V.I. during the Civil War.  While he resided in Lansing, Michigan, John worked at his trade as a wagonmaker and had his shop on Turner Street in Lansing for many years. When he moved to DeWitt Township in 1874, he took up farming. John remained on the farm until his death 8 January 1916 in DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan. He was buried at the Hurd Cemetery in Dewitt Township, Clinton, Michigan. John was a member of the G.w. Anderson Post and the Clinton County Pioneer Society. At the time of John's death, he was survived by two brothers and four sisters: Paul SIPLEY of Reed City, Michigan; Frederick SIPLEY of Ann Arbor, Michigan; Rose HEPFER of Chelsea, Michigan; Carrie WALL of Cadillac, Michigan; Mrs. E.F. SAWYER of Cadillac, Michigan and Miss Louise SIPLEY of Cadillac, Michigan.

To this union, nine children were born.

[1131.](1131) | [Clara Rosina SIPLEY](1131)
| --- | ---
b. | 15 December 3.862 
pb. | Ann Arbor, Washtenaw, Michigan
m. | 14 February 1882 John George WELTE
d. | 18 February 1941 
bur. | Oakhill Cemetery, Owosso, Shiawassee, Mich.

[1132.](1132) | [William  Jacob SIPLEY](1132)
| --- | ---
b. | 10 March 1864
pb. | Ann Arbor, Washtenaw, Michigan
m. | Wilhemina Magdolina STEINHARDT
d. | 4 November 1961
bur. | Wilsey Cemetery, Clinton County, Michigan

[1133.](1133) | [Katherine Mary SIPLEY](1133)
| --- | ---
b. | 3 September 1865
pb. | Ann Arbor, Washtenaw, Michigan
m. | 1 May 1890 Conrad HEIL
d. | 26 September 1941 East Lansing, Ingham, Mich.
bur. | Mt. Hope Cemetery, Lansing, Ingham, Michigan

[1134.](1134) | [Matilda Louisa SIPLEY](1134)
| --- | ---
b. | 16 August 1868 
pb. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan
m. | Never Married 
d. | 20 october 1916 
bur. | Hurd Cemetery, DeWitt. Township, Clinton, Mich.

[1135.](1135) | [Charles Henry SIPLEY](1135)
| --- | ---
b. | 14 March 1872 
pb. | Ionia County, Michigan
m.  | Never Married 
d. | 31 March 1946 Dewltt, Clinton, Michigan
bur. | Hurd Cemetery, DeWitt Township, Clinton, Mich.

[1136.](1136) | [Eugene Frederick SIPLEY](1136)
| --- | ---
b. | 14 June 1873 
pb. | DeWitt, Clinton, Michigan
m. | 28 October 1897 Frances Mattie COY
d. | 12 July 1958, Ingham County, Michigan
bur. | Deepdale Cemetery; Lansing, Eaton, Michigan

[1137.](1137) [Fredericka Elizabeth SIPLEY](1137)
| --- | ---
b. | 24 June 1877 
pb. | Clinton County, Michigan
m. | 6 December 1899 William P. FRENCH 
m. | Arthur H. RHOADES
m. | Ralph SMITH
d. | 23 January 1954 Lansing, Ingham, Michigan
bur. | Gunnisonville Cemetery, Clinton County, Mich.

[1138.](1138) [Reuben Alfred SIPLEY](1138)
| --- | ---
b. | 7 May 1879
pb. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan
m. | 14 December 1911 Margery TURNER
d. | 9 November 1974 
bur. | Acacia Park Cem., Birmingham, Oakland, Mich.


[1139.](1139) [Celia Christina SIPLEY](1139)
| --- | ---
b. | 23 May 1882
pb. | Clinton County, Michigan
m. | 20 June 1907 John Loy SIMMONS 
d. | 31 July 1951 Lansing, Ingham, Michigan
bur. | DeWitt Cemetery, Dewitt, Clinton, Michigan