## 1133. Katherine Mary SIPLEY

Katherine Mary SIPLEY was born 3 September 1865 in Ann Arbor, Washtenaw, Michigan.  Katherine was the second oldest daughter of John Frederick and Mary Ann (HEPFER) SIPLEY.  Since early childhood, she had been a resident of Lansing and vicinity in Michigan.  Katherine married Conrad HEIL 1 May 1890 in DeWitt, Clinton, Michigan.  They resided on a farm at 

2100 Turrner Road in Lansing, Michigan. Later, Katherine moved to 1310 West View Avenue, Hillcrest Village in East Lansing, Michigan. Katherlne died 26 September 1941 at her residence in Hillcrest village, East Lansing, Ingham, Michigan. Katherine was buried at the Mt. Hope Cemetery in Lansing, Ingham, Michigan. Rev. W.M. MAC KAY of the North Presbyterian church in Lansing, Michigan, officiated at her services. 

Conrad HEIL, Son of John HEIL and Margaret DRINKER, was born 4 May 1864 In Holzheissen, Germany, which is 40 miles west of Frankfort and near Alsace-Lorraine. John HEIL and Margaret DRINKER had five children: Kate HEIL married Mr. MENKE; Henry HEIL; John HEIL; Carl HEIL and Conrad HEIL. Conrad came to Lansing, Michigan when he was eighteen years.of age and continued residing in Lansing and Lansing Township for fifty-three years. At one time, Conrad was a Livestock Buyer and for many years he was a farmer north of Lansing along Jones Lake, which he later subdivided the large rural property, at which time, Conrad entered into the Real Estate Business. Conrad was instrumental in the effort to extend the city limits of Lansing further north by taking in a number of subdivisions which had been platted and in which homes were being built. Conrad died 14 July 1935 in Lansing, Ingham, Michlgan and was buried at the Mt. Hope Cemetery in Lansing, Ingham, Michigan. Rev. W.M. MAC KAY of the North Presbyterian in Lansing, officiated the services. 

To this union, eight, ehildren were born. 

[11331.](11331) | [Bessie Clara HEIL](11331)
| --- | ---
b. | 30 May 1891 
pb. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 
m. | 27 November 1913 Ernest Frederick CHAPMAN
d. | 12 June 1918, Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 
bur. | Mt. Hope Cemetery, Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 

[11332.](11332) | [Margie Marie HEIL](11332)
| --- | ---
b. | 20 June 1893 
pb. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 
m. | 14 April 1917 Clare Murgatroyd HOWLAND 
   | 15 January 1936 Martin Roy BERTOLETTE 
d. | 21 December 1980, Stockton, San Joaquin, California 
bur. | Hollywood Hills Cemetery, Los Angeles, California

[11333.](11333) | [Lela Katherine HEIL](11333)
| --- | ---
b. | 14 June 1895 
pb. | Dewitt, Clinton, Michigan
m. | 28 June 1924 Daniel Earle LEWIS 
d. | 20 Ju1y 1982, Auburn, Placer, California 
bur. | New Auburn District Cemetery, Auburn, Placer, California 

[11334.](11334) | [Gladys Lucile HEIL](11334) 
| --- | ---
b. | 19 January 1897 
pb. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 
m. | 17 May 1923 Michael James CAVANAUGH 
d. | 12 Juiy 1984, Lansing, Ingham,  Michigan 
bur. | St. Joseph Cemetery, Iansing, Ingham, Michigan 

[11335.](11335) | [Helen Adeline HEIL](11335)
| --- | ---
b. | 12 November 1898 
pb. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan
m. | 1923 Dewey Danie1 SHAVER, Sr.
d. | 7 October 1944, California 
bur. | Ca1vary Cemetery, Montrose, Los Ange1es, California 

[11336.](11336) | [Oscar Conrad HEIL](11336)
| --- | ---
b. | 19 Febnrary 1901 
pb. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 
m. | 15 April 1923 Harriett Matilda BULMER 
d. | 18 January 1981 
bur. | Reed Cemetery, Laingsburg, Shiawassee, Mich. 

[11337.](11337) | [Esther Doris HEIL](11337) 
| --- | ---
b. | 11 April 1903 
bp. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 
m. | Carter John ENGLE 
d. | 30 May 1960, Los Angeles County, California 
bur. | Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale, Los Angeles, California 

[11338.](11338) | [Ruth Virginia HEIL](11338)
| --- | ---
b. | 18 January 1906 
pb. | Lansing, Ingham, Michigan 
m. | Coles Emerson DUNNE, Sr. 
d. | 10 November 1968 
bur. |