## 115. Maria Catharina HOPFER

Maria Catharina HOPFER was born 24 July 1842 in Kuppingen, Herrenberg, Wuerttemberg, Germany. Like the other members of the family after arriving in America, she became Catherine Mary HEPFER. Catherine, like her sister Mary, met, a man in Ann Arbor, Michigan and she married Charles William BAUERLY 15 July 1862 in Ann Arbor, Washtenaw, Michigan, by Rev. Fr. SCHMED, Pastor of the Lutheran Church. Charles purchased 86 acres in DeWitt Township, C1inton, Michigan 17 March 1862 from John p. WILLETT and his wife which consisted of 46 acres in Section 17, and 40 acres in Section 18. They made their home there until 1903 when they moved to 418 Maple Street in Lansing, Michigan. Catherine died 16 March 1926 in Lansing, Ingham, Michigan and was buried at the Hurd Cemetery in DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan.

Charles William BAUERLY, son of Johann Michael BAUERLE and Wilhelmine Caroline DEYHLE, was born 15 November 1837 in Marbach, Marbach, Wuerttemberg, Germany. Johann Michael BAUERLE, son of Frederiek Gottlieb Andreas BAUERLE and Margarethe DESSELBERGER, was born 4 November 1804 in Zurich, Swiizerland. Both Andreas and Margarethe were Lutheran and citizen of Marbaeh, Wuerttemberg, Germany. Andreas was a farmer in Marbach. Johann was a Lutheran, citizen and master wagonmaker in Marbach, Wuerttemberg, Germany. Johann came to America in 1837 and settled in Jonesville, Hillsdale, Michigan where he had a wagon shop. When Johann came to America, he became John Michael BAUERLY. Johann and wilhelmine were divorced in 1846 for reason Johann left her several years prior. 

Wilhelmine Caroline DEYHLE, daughter of Johannes DEYHILE and Sara SCHULDHEISS, was born 2 November 1811 in Marbach, Marbach, Wuerttemberg, Germany. At the age of thirteen, his father, John M. BAUERLY brought his mother, Charles, and his two older brothers to America and they arrived in America Ju1y 1851. Wilhelmine became Caroline Wilhelmine BAUERLY in America. Frederick BAUERLE resided in Zurich, where his trade was a maker of gears for swiss watches. Frederick was also known to make jack knives, as one had been handed down generation after generation, and his great-great-great grandson, Clarence BAUERLE was last known to have it in his possession. It is not known when Frederick and his family moved to Germany. John M. BAUERLY was a wagonmaker and gunsmith and came to America in l837 to set up a business, first in Saline, Washtenaw, Michigan, where he was engaged in Wagonmaking. Later he moved to Jonesville, Hillsda1e, Michigan where he worked at his trade making wagons which were sold throughout Michigan and some crossed the plains to California. During the gold excitement of 1849-50, there was a great demand for wagons. When Charles first arrived in America with his mother and two brothers they settled in Jonesville, Michigan, where the three boys were enrolled in the Jonesville Schools. Four months later, his mother and the three sons moved to Washtenaw County, Michigan, where the boys finished their education. Charles could speak nine languages and was often used as an interpreter. Charles first started out working by being employed by John SCHNEEBERGER for ten years. John SCHNEEBERGER had married his mother, Carolina after the family moved to washtenaw County.

The farm which Charles purchased in 1862 was located at 3080 Clark Road in DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan, with the following land descriptions: Commencing at the S.E. corner of Section 18 town 5 N Range 2 West in Michigan running thence West forty Six rods and ten feet thence North One hundred and Sixty rods then East Eighty Six rods and Ten feet thence South One hundred and Sixty rods thence West forty rods to place of beginning. This farm was first road south of the intersection of the DeWitt Road where the Jacob HEPFER farm stood, and west on DeWitt Road on Clark Road. Charles later purchased an additional 60 acres, totaling one hundred and forty-six acres. The main part of the large frame house on Clark Road was built in 1867 and additions were made to the house in 1882. Charles built a large red frame barn in 1878 and the granary in 1880. This farm remained in the BAUERLY family for several generations and became a Centennial Farm, same as the HEPFER farm on the DeWitt Road. Along with prosperity and happiness, Charles had some bitter along with the sweet situations. His leg was crushed in 1867 by a falling timber while raising a building, and he remained in bed for sixteen weeks, while the doctor bills grew rapidly to the amount of $195.00.

Charles was elected on the Democratic ticket as Supervisor of DeWitt in 1880, and he served for six years as Township Treasurer, and was appointed for one year to fill an unexpired term. Charles served for two years as County Highway Commissioner and was on the Board of Review at least eight years. The above jobs were over and above his farming career. Charles and Catherine were members of the First Emmanuel Lutheran Church in Lansing, Michigan, and he was a Democrat in politics. Charles died 2 April 1917 in Lansing, Ingham, Michigan and was buried at the Hurd Cemetery in DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan. When Charles, his mother and two older brothers came to America, they came with two wooden trunks, both marked Carolina BAUERLE, in Marbach 1851. One trunk is now in the possession of Keith BAUERLE and the other in the possession of Dwane NORRIS, both descendants of Charles BAUERLY. Sometime about 1910 to 1913, Charles BAUERLY and his family changed their surname to BAUERLE, then at a later date, his third child, Edward BAUERLE changed his surname back to Edward BAUERLY. Years later Edward when he returned to Michigan changed back to Edward BAUERLE.

To this union, nine children were born.


[1151.](1151) | [Lydia Katherine BAUERLY](1151)
| --- | ---
b. | 13 Ju1Y 1863
pb. | DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan
m. | 16 February 1882 Valentine NELLER
d. | 5 September 1918
bur. | Mt. Hope Cemetery, Lansing, Ingham, Michigan

[1152.](1152) | [William Karl BAUERLY](1152)
| --- | ---
b. | 15 June 1864
pb. | DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan
m. | 22 July 1894 Ame1ia PETTER
d. | 2 December 1929, Lansing, Ingham, Michigan
bur. | Hurd Cemetery, DeWitt Township, Clinton, Mich.

[1153.](1153) | [Edward Henry BAUERLY](1153)
| --- | ---
b. | 26 September 1866
pb. | DeWitt Township, Clinton, Michigan
m. | 30 June 1902 Matilda Bertha RAY
m. | 1 January 1926 Mary Caroline EHINGER
d. | 6 July 1935 Lansing, Ingham, Michigan.
bur. | Mt. Hope Cemetery, Lansing, Ingham, Michigan